Jamie Whincup was just 67 laps away from
glory 2012 v8 supercars drivers
championship was his for the taking and
after earning the luxury of beginning
race 28 from the pointy end after
qualifying it is all about getting on
the front drag down the turn one Davison
cuts around in front of him and ends up
on the right-hand side of the circuit
that was such high risk but with hard
tires wind caffeine evitable yielded to
will Davison who had taken the opposite
tact and soon opens up a healthy lead
you can see that gap quite obvious on
screen but it's diminishing already sits
on lads 15 the race took its first
significant twist when James Moffatt
went for a picnic and even though he was
quickly able to get his chariot moving
again the safety car came out sparking a
stampede to pit lane and SEC win cup
went to soft tires and the field went
ballistic on the restart
thanks contact with patrizii suddenly it
was like a new race and the temperature
was rising quickly and Michael patrizii
as well as Patricia goes around loud
somehow misses him on the left-hand side
of the circuit however win cups pit stop
proved costly when he was penalized for
having a spinning wheel before his car
returned to the ground Winterbottom was
only too happy to take advantage of that
rare blunder by the series leader will
Davison will allow mark Winterbottom to
go on past and now take over the lead at
the race and dust like the previous day
when he finished a satisfying second
behind stablemate win cup Prague Leone
stayed out of bother on the twisting
Winton circuit and quietly edged his way
to the front he showed the dose is in
the gap rounders through
putting his earlier setbacks behind him
the resilient wind cup also swept past
plenty of contenders knowing that while
he couldn't win the race
fourth place or better were just about
secured his second straight crown now he
goes again up to the win cup goes a
podium spot
meanwhile in triple eight rounds
polished off the 88th tryouts of his
fabulous career to celebrate today
victory for Lance second for Mark winner
bottom third for Jamie Whincup and title
number four on a weekend for Team
Vodafone after taking Saturday's
quinella they backed it up with first
and third leaving mark Winterbottom
sandwiched in the middle and needing one
heck of a miracle in Sydney to make up
the 317 championship points he now sits
behind a cautious win car spinning in
the pits think it's bit of a wanker rule
but at the end of the day I did I broke
the rules deserve the penalty so yeah we
did it the hard way but mathematically
everything took them pretty good but um
but the potential losing points we're
just gonna keep going hard and to rot em
- laughs laughs the last race David
Rollins big pond sport